# CS340-Client-Server
Client Server Dev. 
### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
<p> To create code that is maintainable, readable and adaptable it is important to keep modularity in mind while creating your code. You dont want to repeat your self so it is important to break your code into modular classes, methods and functions that can be called when needed. That way you do not need to repeat code you have already written previously. This will keep your code clean as well. This will also help with testing purposes. You will be able to test fragments of code at a time instead of having to test your entire program at one time.  </p>

### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
<p> The requirements for this project took a little more consideration than projects for other courses. Since we were asked to complete a full stack development of an application, when considering a full stack we must also consider how components will work togher. Elements such as the database and the middle layer or the front end. For projects such as these in the future it will be important to be exact and attempt to fully understand the customers needs so that I can fully incorperate and deliver all aspects that they are required. </p>

### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
<p> Computer scientists work to develop and provide computer based solutions in order to automate and expodite processes that can be cumbersome for humans, or to make their daily lives easier. Computer scientists also work to further the field and to provide new and exciting solutions to more complex problems in a responsible way. My work on projects such as this will help to maxamize a companies efficiency, and allow employees to concentrate efforts on other areas. </p>
